Update tutorials, closes MISC-212 (#58)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/tutorials/_includes/upload_manual.md

Let's get back to Gatling Enterprise. 
To navigate to the artifacts page, click on the **Artifacts** on the left navigation bar.

{{< img src="artifact_navigation.png" alt="Sidenav navigation" >}}

Click on the create button in order to create an artifact. 

> Choose the name and the team you want, then click save.

Reviewer: no need to mention the team, keep it simple.

{{< img src="open_upload.png" alt="Open upload modal" >}}

The artifact you've generated earlier is located here: `{param}`

> Upload it to FrontLine, either by drag-and-dropping it to the modal, or by clicking on the modal to open the file manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upload it to Gatling Enterprise, either by drag-and-dropping it to the modal, or by clicking on the modal to open the file manager.
```
